How we sell and position individual products now (#16813)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/marketing/how-we-position-and-sell/experiments.md

---
title: Experiments
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

> **Owner:** Experiments Team

## The unique belief (in terms of experiments)

> In traditional product development, an A/B test is the last step before shipping. In the [self-driving development](/blog/self-driving-product), it will be the evaluation layer. PostHog Code will run experiments automatically after shipping a change — so the same metric that triggered the original signal gets re-queried to verify the fix worked. If the metric didn't move, or moved the wrong way, the agent will flag the change for review or reverts.

Reviewer: I think this could be even more opinionated? something like...

> Experiments are tactically important because they turn product data into a control system. They let the agent make changes without pretending it has perfect judgment. The agent can be wrong safely, because every change has a measured blast radius and a pass/fail signal.
> 
> That’s the PostHog-shaped belief: autonomous coding only becomes trustworthy when the agent can measure whether its own work improved the product.

> In traditional product development, an A/B test is the last step before shipping. In the [self-driving development](/blog/self-driving-product), it will be the evaluation layer. PostHog Code will run experiments automatically after shipping a change — so the same metric that triggered the original signal gets re-queried to verify the fix worked. If the metric didn't move, or moved the wrong way, the agent will flag the change for review or reverts.

Author: ```suggestion
In traditional product development, an A/B test is the last step before shipping. In [self-driving development](/blog/self-driving-product) they are tactically important because they turn product data into a control system. They let the agent make changes without pretending it has perfect judgment. The agent can be wrong safely, because every change has a measured blast radius and a pass/fail signal.

That’s the PostHog-shaped belief: autonomous coding only becomes trustworthy when the agent can measure whether its own work improved the product.
```

> ---

Author: @rubychilds Can you take a quick look at this and the FF page?
